>> Hey, all. Hey, Brian.
>> Hey.
>> Thanks for being here. Always happy to have folks here for the live recording. Throw
your questions out there if you've got them in your comments. With that, Brian, let's
kick it off.
>> Yeah, let's.
>> Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds. This is episode 348 recorded August 15th, 2023. I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Aiken.
And Brian, this episode is brought to everybody by us. I think you might be making a more
concrete case for that than other times today. So, but yeah, check out all of our courses,
books, things like that. It genuinely makes it possible for us to do this kind of stuff.
So we appreciate it.
We love doing it, but yeah, also.
Yeah.
Also.
And if you want to be part of the live show and you're not watching live now,
Tuesdays at 11, I don't buy set FM slash live all the details there.
Brian, let's kick it off.
What's your first item.
I actually it's I'm kind of on a packaging, a little bit of a packaging thing.
Okay.
Um, let's see.
Add to stream.
We got Brett Cannon wrote an article called
"Differentiating Between Writing Down Dependencies
to Use Packages" and for packages themselves.
It's kind of a big title, but here's the idea.
And I've been thinking about this also.
So I really, there's requirements.txt files,
and those are often used for applications.
And then there's, but that was really when we had like,
it was either that or setup.py for packages.
And now we have pyproject.toml.
So can't we just use that?
I mean, I kind of want to,
but it doesn't quite work that way.
You install dependencies with a pyproject.toml
by doing a pip, installing your package.
And you can install it like pip install.e.
I think Brett, yeah.
- Dash e. - pip install.e.
Dash e, right.
And on the current directory,
or you can give it a local project directory.
And you can even do optional things
like optional test dependencies and stuff.
And I think when you do the -e,
it installs your optional test dependencies also.
I'm not sure.
But, and I'm used to that 'cause I do packages also,
but we still have the requirements.txt file.
There really are for different things.
So Brett talks about this a lot in here
and looking at why there's a thing called
like project dependencies.
And the project is really meant for packaging.
It's really meant just for the whole packaging system.
So that when you install something, install a wheel,
it knows how to get packages for it.
That's it.
It's not supposed to be for applications.
So really that's kind of the discussion around here,
around this article.
However, there's a couple ideas.
He references, also references back a Donald stuffed article
from 2013 about setup.py versus requirements.txt.
But like I said, that was setup.py.
The way that maybe we could do something better.
Brett's consideration is maybe we could have some standard,
something, some other file that we could have.
I personally, I have a, I think that maybe we could expand
PyProject.toml.
I really like the toml thing.
So maybe we could either have a requirements.toml
or maybe we could have like, instead of a project section
of the toml file, maybe we could have
maybe an application section.
Maybe that would work.
So.
- Yeah, I think like a, like a dev requirements,
even just in the PyProject.toml
I mean, I run into it in other places too, like just in a Git repo that has like a couple
Python tools in it that people can install on their own, but they might have some requirements.
How do you list those?
Do you stick them as applications?
I mean, requirements.txt is normally the thing that's used for like Django web applications
and things like that.
So maybe requirements.txt is fine, but I think--
Perhaps.
What I have is I have, for my world,
I have requirements.txt, which is from the web apps and stuff.
That is what is required for the app to run.
Without that, you can't make it go.
Then I have requirements-dev.txt.
I've seen that pattern a lot.
And then to actually generate those,
I use pip-tools and pip compile.
So I have requirements.in and requirements-dev.in.
and then I can auto update all the dependencies
and keep them in sync.
That's how I do it these days.
- But now, even people with Django or other things
are using a PyProjectTunnel also
to store their black settings and things like that.
We're kinda using ProjectTunnel,
the PyProjectTunnel for more things,
and I think maybe we could extend it for this.
Anyway, that's my--
- Seems reasonable.
So anyway, what do you got for us?
- Well, let's monkey around a little bit
with the Python monkey, with the Python monkey.
- That's cute.
- It is, so this comes to us from created by Will Pringle,
I believe amongst others.
Let's see on the contributors here.
There, yeah, there we go.
Yeah, so a bunch of folks that work on this project.
It's not super popular with only 276 stars,
but I think it might be a pretty darn interesting
compatibility layer for Python.
So what do I mean by that?
So imagine I'm,
you can look at this from two perspectives.
So don't scoff at one if you prefer the other.
So imagine I'm a JavaScript developer
and I've got a ton of cool JavaScript code
that not just for the web front end,
but kind of in the Node.js sense,
like a bunch of utilities or a bunch of libraries
that work and do certain things, right?
- Yeah.
- But I also have a Python app
and I'd like to somehow use those together.
So Python Monkey is a,
it's the right way to put it,
it basically hosts a JavaScript,
a full-on high-performance JavaScript,
JIT compiled to almost native performance
JavaScript engine inside of Python through pip install.
So if I wanted to use some of the JavaScript code,
I just write my Python application
and for that function or that functionality,
I just import the, you know, first spider monkey,
or not spider, Python monkey,
and then I import the JavaScript files that you would use
and then you just call them like Python functions.
Okay, or reverse, I'm writing a Python application
and one option to make slow loops go faster
would be to write that in Cython
and Cython's getting better with the Cython 3 release
that we discussed already, previous episode.
But JavaScript, because this thing,
the spider monkey JavaScript engine
is the one that I believe Firefox uses,
does JIT compilation to native code,
it basically is near native performance as well.
So if you'd like, you could rewrite that part
in TypeScript or JavaScript and run just that section.
And it uses things like shared memory
between JavaScript and Python.
So if you've got like a string or a list,
those are the same objects, which is pretty crazy.
At least for the strings.
Okay, so let's look at some examples.
There's an article by Will,
and no, I will not log into Medium.
You're partially evil.
Okay, so here's an article by Will here.
So let's look at some code examples.
All right, so import PythonMonkey as PM,
and then you say PM eval and give it JavaScript code,
and then boom, it runs that.
That's one way.
What you can do maybe is more interesting
is look at this.
say, em.eval and give it an anonymous JavaScript function.
And then what comes back, not evaluating it,
but just the thing to define the function in JavaScript.
And what comes back is an object that itself is a function.
So that's pretty cool.
Hold on.
There's two parts to this.
I've created a JavaScript function that's
JIT compiled in SpiderMonkey through this eval.
And what the-- I didn't say this part.
What the function takes is, given a function,
it will call that function passing hello world to it,
the string hello world.
So what you do is you get the function back
as a Python function, and then they pass print.
It somehow proxies the print function
into the JavaScript space.
And then JavaScript calls the Python print,
which then comes back to the console, to the terminal.
- Wow, okay.
- That's some deep integration, right?
That's some pretty wild stuff.
Let's see, what else can we do here
that's pretty interesting?
I can say, given a JavaScript module like I described,
I can, here's an example, it has a say hello export.
Then you can just say pm.require that JavaScript module,
and now you've got all the function,
all the export behavior from that JavaScript module,
right, which is cool.
Yeah, there's some more examples in here.
The other angle that's pretty interesting,
there's two more angles that are interesting,
because it uses SpiderMonkey,
and SpiderMonkey is awesome with WebAssembly,
allows you to run untrusted WASM code
from languages like C, C++, and Rust,
you can now basically do any, you can call any WebAssembly code as well that
you'd like inside of your function.
Now we're getting interesting.
Yeah.
It supports things like async and await using the async and await keywords to
handle the callback nature of JavaScript, like the the dot then type of deferreds
and different things.
So you can just async and await those behaviors, right?
just await a WebAssembly call, which is pretty excellent.
Yeah, so there's a bunch of examples,
some pretty cool graphics here with Spock and Captain
Kerr going, my mind to your mind,
my object to your dicks, your dicks to my objects.
Pretty awesome there.
Another angle that is worth considering
is this allows the entire Python data science
stack to become accessible to JavaScript developers.
Right?
>> Yeah.
>> So if you want to use the machine learning stuff, if you want to use pandas or pollers,
you just write your code and then do the integration here.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
It finishes with some funny little pictures here of a Noah on the ark.
It's got a Python and JavaScript,
which looks like a penguin,
and then it has the Python monkey.
What is that? What the heck is this?
All right. Anyway, that's Python monkey,
which is, I think, potentially interesting.
>> With the WebAssembly and stuff,
you could potentially have
every other function in your system
be implemented by a different language.
>> Yeah. I'm bored of C, C++, Rust, Go.
What else do we want to write it in?
>> Yeah. Why not everything?
Just make sure that your application
is only maintainable by you.
>> Exactly. Do you know how many compilers you need to do this?
>> No. It's fun to joke about,
but this does look pretty cool.
>> Yeah. It does look pretty cool.
So congrats to the folks there.
this-- maybe it'll go somewhere.
We'll see.
It's pretty interesting.
I think also it's worth noting that there is somewhere in here
that there's a comparison to other things.
So this apparently is not the only time such a type
of creation has been attempted.
So it says, there are other projects that already
do JavaScript and Python, such as JS2Py, PyV8, and MetaCall.
But there's a bunch of different drawbacks or stuff.
This is why we created it, basically, in addition.
So JS to Py is implemented entirely in Python,
which sounds awesome, except V8 and SpiderMonkey
compile to native code and run ultra fast,
whereas if you just run it in Python,
it probably doesn't have any of those things, right?
PyV8 has a wrapper around Google's V8 JavaScript engine,
which is great, but it's just super low level.
You just talk directly to the JavaScript bits,
which for example doesn't have async and await.
Finally, metacall is extensible,
embeddable, and interoperable,
but you've got to install a bunch of
different run times outside of just pip install.
So anyway, if people are going, "But it exists."
It does, but this apparently is why it exists like this.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah, and John out in the audience says,
"I do this, but going the other way using transcript."
Okay, interesting. Something new to check out. Thanks, John.
I'll take that out.
All right, over to you, Brian.
Well, I just one more thing. Alvaro says, Python monkey perfect for works on my machine certification.
There is an official works on my machine certification. If you have,
I know we talked about it before. It's glorious. It comes with a sticker.
Compile your application code, getting the latest version of any recent changes from other developers
purely optional and not a requirement for certification.
Launch the application.
Cause one code path in the code you're checking to be executed.
The preferred way to do this is with ad hoc manual testing.
You can omit this step if the code change is less than five lines
or if in the developer's professional opinion the code cannot possibly result in an error.
Check your code in Diversion Control if you're certified.
(laughing)
There we go, two jokes in one episode.
How about that?
- Awesome.
Well, we got a little bit more,
a little more humor to add to it.
So because I thought it was a serious article.
It is, it's just funny and weird.
So Seth Larson wrote,
"Quirks of Python Package Versioning."
Package, Python package versioning, that's it.
So we're used to,
- Well, we're kind of getting used to the world
where we all have SemVer like 1.2.3
and for semantic versioning,
but we also have calendar versioning like 2023.6.1.
And then there's stuff like you can add a pre-release suffix
and things like that, but it gets way weirder and fun.
So, and I have noticed this, especially with GitHub,
like GitHub versioning,
Sometimes people will do a V versioning.
So there's V prefixes you can do.
And I guess you can pull that
into your Python application version as well.
Why not?
So V versions are allowed.
Epic versions.
Did you know about Epic versions?
I just learned about this.
- I don't think so.
- So you can have a exclamation point separating your Epic
from the rest of your version.
So this is, so like one bang 2.0.0
would be Epic one version 2.0.0.
- I gotta tell you, I already had a hard time deciding
when the two or when the middle zero
or the last zero changes.
If I put a number in front and exclamation point,
I'm gonna just lost.
- Yeah, apparently-- - It's too much decision,
too many decisions.
- Apparently some systems use colons for Epics,
but Python chose, this is all based on Python PEP 440.
And the, yeah, apparently we chose the bang symbol
or is that's bang, right?
The exclamation point.
So, and that just kind of looks like a one.
If you did one bang one, that would be hard to tell.
Local versions.
And is you can, you can extend after you have versions,
you're going to have alpha numerics and other stuff
like, you know, here plus,
I don't know if the plus is part of it.
Anyway, so after your normal version, like 1.0.0,
he has an example of plus Ubuntu-1.
This gets normalized,
but this is kind of nice for local,
it's local versions because PyPI doesn't like it.
So PyPI will not let you push up local versions to PyPI,
which is probably right, it's local builds.
Long versions, apparently you can use the first 217 digits
of PI and that works fine.
As one of the digits, there's no limits.
Case insensitivity, so yeah, okay, that's fine.
It gets normalized lower or something so that,
capital RC1 is the same as lowercase RC1,
that's appropriate.
So pre-release I've seen, I've actually used pre-release,
post, I don't know if I use pre.
I've seen pre and I've used post-release occasionally.
Although it's so weird that people don't understand
what's going on, so I don't do that anymore.
But apparently pre, post and dev are not mutually exclusive.
You can have all three allowed in one version.
Why would you do that?
So, and yeah, no delimiters needed.
There's just a lot of fun here.
So implicit hyphens are allowed.
So this is both the serious and non-serious.
Oh, implicit zeros are weird.
So you can, if you have a version 2.0.4,
you can just keep adding a bunch of 0.0, 0.0, 0.0
and it works fine.
It resolves to 2.0.4.
That's awesome.
I definitely need to advertise some version,
say just pick up 2.0.3.0.0.0.0.
- Yeah, makes it sound tough.
Like, yeah, I mean, in releases we've had.
- Anyway, totally fun article, so thanks, Seth.
- Brian, do you hear that?
- No.
- That's the sound of a million Regexs dying.
(laughing)
that are supposed to be scanning
for the version string in your code.
- Yeah, but maybe that's why Python just has,
Python just has it as a string.
If you do dunder version equals, it's just a string.
So.
- Yeah.
Axel asks, if you use C++ compiled code,
so I guess native code that's like not part
of just source only Python,
Is there a way to define which compiler you used in the versioning?
Maybe that Ubuntu type variant, that local version, but you can't publish that, right?
You can't push it up IPA like that.
But like for instance, I'm not sure how this relates to like the wheel naming, the wheel
download naming thing.
I'm sure there's some metadata you could put in there.
- Right, like you can do Dunder version,
right, you can just do Dunder compiler and say,
you know, print that out and it'll tell you,
but it's not, there's no standard that I can think of.
- Well, there's the, there is the wheel standard.
I just don't remember where the link is.
- But that's more platform based, right?
Than a compiler.
- Oh, right, it's not compiler based, it's platform based.
- I mean, the compiler's gotta compile to the platform,
but it doesn't say like use GCC versus LLVM,
playing in studio, whatever, right?
- Right.
- Yeah.
- And usually I'm just doing pure Python,
so I have it all listed, but for the wheel, anyway.
- Exactly, exactly.
All right, well, with all that Python monkeying around,
I could just barely stand it.
- Oh dear.
- About bear type.
- Nice.
- The bear metal type checker.
Okay, so people know I'm a huge fan of types,
Python, type hints, and all those things.
that are super, super empowering and make the editors
so much more helpful.
Means you don't have to go into the documentation
and go, what does this take again?
I know it takes an args here, but is args a dictionary?
Is it a class?
Is it a string?
Is it an, what is it?
Right, like crazy stuff like that, right?
So types are awesome for conveying that information
without having to go to the docs
or some other place to figure it out.
However, what Python type hints, annotations generally don't do, as the word hint would
indicate, they don't require the hint.
You can use tools like mypy, and mypy will say the typing looks consistent or inconsistent,
but regardless of what it says, when you run the code, whether or not the typing is consistent,
long as it actually is still semantically valid, it's going to run, even if you tell
Well, it takes a string, but you're really passing it.
And it did plus to it, but you know what?
You pass two integers and two strings, and it still worked.
So the runtime version of typing in Python
is mostly absent, excluding things
like Pydantic and a few others.
So this bare type thing is a near zero cost,
near real time, pure Python runtime type checker
that makes runtime mismatches for typing,
runtime errors.
- Interesting.
- Okay, so you can say,
this sounds like a horrible idea and I will never touch it.
Please don't, you know, install the bear.
Or you could say, I come from a static language
and this dynamic typing business is freaking me out.
Can we get a little closer?
Then you can have it.
I feel like this is the kind of thing
that for little projects is completely useless,
but for huge projects,
it maybe it starts to become more valuable, right?
- Yeah.
- So, if you just jump right into it,
you pip install bare type,
and then you can do things like import the decorator
and just put a decorator onto a function
that has a type annotation or hint right there like that.
So, here's one that says quote Wigham,
and then it passes lines, and the type declaration
says lines is a list of str, and it returns none.
Okay, so then if you just use this function,
pass it a list of strings, it just runs, right?
- Yeah.
- If, however, though, you pass it a list of bytes,
which kind of look like strings but are not strings,
you get an exception that says parameter
such and such and such.
- And it gives you the actual index in the list.
It says list item zero with this value is not a string
'cause it's a B string, which is really bytes, right?
- Yeah.
- It's pretty cool, right?
- Yeah, it is really cool.
And I'm kind of agreeing with Alvaro said,
maybe running with the test suite.
And I was thinking maybe dynamically add these somehow.
Do you use the bare types during development and maybe,
you know, maybe take them off later if it,
but if it's really fast.
- Yeah, I'll comment on that in a second.
There are also validators.
There's an is and an annotated validator.
If you want to be more restrictive,
maybe even then you might expect,
it's part of Python, but it's not a commonly known part
of the type and in things.
So for example, I could define a new type using annotated called list of strings.
>> Okay.
>> And it says, it has to be a list of strings as one part of the annotation.
And then another one is, well, if it's,
it has to be a non-empty set of strings is what they're trying to create here.
Okay, so it says if it's a list with a bunch of stuff,
the bunch of stuff has to be strings,
but it also contests that it's not falsy,
which would be the case when it's a just,
you know, zero length list.
So then you can annotate with that type.
And if you call with regular somewhere,
you call it with a regular code is fine.
But if you call it with the empty list,
where it says a list of strings,
it says, no, no, no, it can't be an empty list.
It has to be a non-empty list of strings.
So there's like some pretty crazy things
that you can do here.
Yeah, some other stuff you can check if you like.
But yeah, I wanted to read this introduction article here
which actually comes after all the examples.
By the way, it also, in order to run this
a whole bunch of times, it took 33 microseconds,
which is pretty incredible.
to test this for like an array of tuples of arrays of,
what is that?
A million, you know, 33 microseconds.
So that's pretty fast actually.
- Yeah, you still wanna like compare it,
like your entire, like some workflow
compared to with or without, so.
- Yep.
So let me read this.
So if people are wondering, what the heck is this?
Bear type brings Rust and C++ inspired zero cost abstractions
into the lawless world of dynamically typed Python
by enforcing type safety at the granular level
of functions and methods against type hints
standardized by the Python community
in O1 non-amortized worst case time
with negligible constant factors.
How about that?
So if anyone asks what bare type is,
there's a good description.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
- But yeah, it's pretty cool
and then there's a whole bunch of stuff about it.
But anyway, that's bare type.
It looks pretty promising to me.
Like the drawback of a lot of these, I think,
really is like, well, now you're doing a bunch of checking
for every little function call and it's super slow.
But if it's fast enough, that's pretty cool.
- Yeah, so a couple comments in the chat.
Mike Felder, doesn't Pydantic include call validators too?
So I'm not sure.
- It did, I don't know if that's out of beta.
Last time I looked at it, it was still in like a testing
base, it may be out now.
I mean, there's a ton of work that's happened on PyDandig.
It's all been redone, so I don't know the status of that.
Maybe Mike does.
- Okay, and then also, is there a mypy plugin that does that?
I don't, I wasn't aware that mypy could be used at runtime.
- I wasn't aware mypy could be used at runtime either,
but perhaps.
- Yeah, anyway.
- Anyway, this looks pretty, you know,
quite straightforward, pretty useful.
You just do type ints, you put @BearType on it,
and it makes sure that it behaves.
- Yeah, so-- - To do what you were looking at,
sorry, to do where you might wanna turn it off
in production, but run it in testing, which is reasonable.
I don't see any mechanism for that.
There may be-- - Yeah, but it's a,
it's a decorator mechanism, so you could,
you could work around it if you needed to.
- Well, you could just write a decorator
that looks whether that setting is on or off,
and either returns the bare type wrap thing
or the direct function directly,
and it would be like zero runtime cost
once it's turned off because the function is replaced with itself.
Otherwise, it's replaced by the bare type decorated one.
You might have to write 10 lines of Python,
then you got that feature.
>> The other thing is,
how much of your code are you really going to want to
throw bare type decorators around all over the place?
>> Yeah. That's a good point. Maybe just the boundary.
>> Yeah, at the API level.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Cool.
>> Anyway, there it is.
And I suppose that's it for all of our items.
That's what we got lined up for you.
Anything else?
Some extras.
- I have-
- You want me to go first?
You want to save yours?
- Yeah, yeah, you go first.
- All right, I already got my screen up anyway.
Okay, so first of all, congratulations,
Mike Fowler, who is right here in the audience.
- Yeah, I mispronounced his last name, sorry.
- Hopefully I got it right.
- You did.
at Mike the man on Twitter is the new safety and security engineer for PyPI.
That's awesome, Mike. Thank you so much. Clearly an area that needs lots of attention. So I just
wanted to say welcome. Thanks for keeping us all safe out there and excellent.
>> Yeah, I got to hang out with Mike a lot at PyCon. So that's really pretty cool.
>> Yeah, super cool, super cool.
Then a couple of quick announcements,
two conferences for people.
PackagingCon, follow up on all of your items, Brian.
PackagingCon is happening fully online.
No, hold on. No, it's happening in Berlin as hybrid.
So it's in Berlin, October 26-28,
for all things packaging,
Python people, Rust people, etc.
So check that out.
And the Cloud Builders Python Conf is September 6, 2023.
It's put together by a Ukrainian group
and it's just online so people can check that out as well.
And speakers, are they still have a call for proposals?
Doesn't look like it, I think it's open.
It's already all set for the agenda.
So people can check that out, it should be fun.
And now onto your big news.
- Okay, well, a couple, just a couple notes
that I wanted to mention.
The August release of Visual Studio Code
has something I've been long awaiting.
It's an error tolerant pytest discovery.
So what does this mean?
It means you've got,
and there's like some comments down here.
Oh, I went too far.
You have to turn it on right now,
but it's just in a setting.
Apparently some people have it on by default.
Anyway, they should just turn it on, it's better.
But the gist is, if you've got like errors
in some of your code, it used to just blow up.
Like, let's say you've got a test suite,
but you also have like some old junk tests
off in a side directory that you don't use anymore.
If they had import errors or syntax errors or whatever,
it would just blow up the whole thing
and you couldn't get any tests to import.
Now it's tolerant and it just turns off the,
it doesn't import those tests that have import errors.
That's great.
So you can still run the rest of the suite.
So that's good.
Be kind of still kind of cool.
There's a couple of things.
Be kind of cool if it could tell you
which ones have had errors
instead of just making them disappear.
So that'd be neat.
The other thing is guys, pytest isn't capitalized.
So you gotta work on your capitalization, non-capitalization.
- But discovery probably should be.
Oh yeah, discovery should be.
Oh, that's all right.
That's tough.
I always, I'm always unsure about my capitalization.
It's so formal to capitalize everything.
It's this time of year again,
we got Python 3.12 release candidate one.
So we're in the release candidates for Python 3.12.
It's pretty exciting.
Release candidate is a big deal though, right?
It's we think this is the final version unless there's something gone wrong.
Right.
Yeah, it's it's right out of beta.
Um, so anyway, speaking of beta, the big news for today is that I've got a Python
testing with pytest bundle course up, and I'm super excited about it.
I'm working really hard.
However, it is in pre-release beta.
I don't know, I made up something.
- Early bird.
- Early bird sort of.
- Early beta bird.
- Yeah, so what is going on?
So there's, in the end, it's gonna be,
actually I wrote it, I included on here is a video
that is got like, welcome to the pre-release beta.
And what does that mean?
It's video, so you can watch that.
The gist of it is, is the three sections of the book are going to go into three different courses, but the pre-release right now that's for sale is a bundle of all, that will be all three.
There's two chapters ready for the primary power for the first part.
And, but I'm just going to chug along and people can jump in if they want.
I'm doing it as a beta because the book itself really is better because of the beta program that I did when I was writing the book
and I'd love to have people come in and
let me know where things need a little polish and we can
You know, we can fix it along the way I also am setting up a
Job or not a job board
A discussion board for people to ask questions if they get stuck
I really want to make sure everybody's successful
in getting this up and running,
getting up and running in pytest quickly.
So totally excited about getting this done.
Oh, one more thing I set up.
I just launched it last night,
but for Python Bytes listeners,
you can use the coupon code Python Bytes with a Y.
So, and we'll just throw that in the show notes.
use Python bytes with a Y,
and you can get 20% discount now
through the end of the 17th, so just a few days.
But that's enough time to grab it.
So, cool.
- Yeah, awesome.
Congrats on this, Brian.
This'll be exciting.
I know it's a lot of work, so.
(Brian laughs)
- Yeah. - Good luck.
- Thanks.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, do you know what else is a lot of work?
And ties back to my first item, learning JavaScript.
Let's make that our joke.
- Okay.
- All right.
So, here's the text.
It looks like a WhatsApp conversation that somebody got,
unfortunately, from their apartment manager.
And of course, it's addressed to Michael,
which is extra funny.
"Hello, Michael.
"Your apartment has received the second complaint.
"Noise from the apartment is the problem.
"The dog whines.
"Apparently, you leave one home and the dog gets bored.
"Please address this."
The response from Michael is, "Hello, I don't have a dog.
This is me learning JavaScript."
Like screaming and yelling and kicking.
>> Oh, dog whines.
Okay.
>> Yeah.
That's pretty good.
>> That is pretty funny.
>> I could be like learning all sorts of programs.
I could be learning Python, but yeah.
Feels like a little extra special.
A little extra special there.
Have you got your web pack working?
Have you got your requires working?
Have you got your transpiler working yet?
>> Man, that was me with trying to relearn CSS.
So first time I learned CSS,
we didn't have all these pre-compilers and stuff.
So CSS is a completely different ballgame now.
>> Yeah.
>> Well.
>> Yeah, it's crazy stuff.
Cool. Well, anyway, this is my joke for everyone.
We've received a noise complaint.
I'm sorry. I don't have a dog.
>> Awesome. Well, it was a fun episode. Thanks again.
>> Yeah, sure was. See you later.
>> Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]